In this exercise, we are going to take your new-found knowledge of the checks,
effects, and interaction pattern and put it to use.
Now in prior exercises,
you have used an IDE,
you've used Truffle, grenache,
etc, and you'll do the same thing in future exercises too.
But when covering our design patterns,
it's important that you stay focused on the algorithm and not the
nuances of whether things compile or syntax and such.
Therefore, for this exercise and for the other design patterns,
we're going to focus primarily on writing the code in
a plain text editor and not on compiling and testing the code etc.
It's more important for us to focus on the algorithm.
But let's start with the exercise.
So using any text editor,
write a function, safeWithdraw that takes one parameter,
that's a uint256, and that protects against
re-entrancy attacks using the Checks-Effects-Interaction pattern.
The requirements for the function are: first,
verify the value of caller addresses in mapping address to uint256 called sales,
and make sure that it's greater than or equal to 100.
So whoever the caller is,
you have to make sure that in the mapping sales,
the value is equal to or greater than 100.
Next, you must verify that the caller has adequate funds to be withdrawn.
You have to transfer the value of
that sales variable to the caller and the caller address.
You have to reset the sales value to zero,
and last but not least,
you have to verify that the caller is an externally own account.
Now the order of the requirements is not necessarily,
the order in which you will complete the exercise.
Part of the exercises is understanding
how these should be ordered to conform to the checks,
effects, and interaction pattern.
So create this function, safeWithdraw.